New Blog for Release KubeEdge v1.10 (#535)
kubeedge/website: blog/release-v1.10/index.mdx

---
authors:
- KubeEdge SIG Release
categories:
- General
- Announcements
date: 2023-08-25
draft: false
lastmod: 2023-08-25
summary: KubeEdge v1.10 is live!
tags:
- KubeEdge
- kubeedge
- edge computing
- kubernetes edge computing
- K8s edge orchestration
- edge computing platform
- cloud native
- iot
- iiot
- release v1.10
- v1.10
title: KubeEdge v1.10 is live!
---

> On August 21, 2023, KubeEdge released v1.10. The new version introduces several enhancements, significantly improving the installation experience, performance testing, network communication, and Kubernetes version compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Mar 7, 2022, KubeEdge released v1.10. The new version introduces several enhancements, significantly improving the installation experience, performance testing, network communication, and Kubernetes version compatibility.
```

Release time is wrong
